Reminder: Only the key part of my coding work is shown here.  
 
Exploratory data analysis scripts:  
network_eda.ipynb: This script shows the exploratory data analysis of a part of Network dataset.  
TTI_Spd_eda.ipynb: This script shows the exploratory data analysis of a part of TTI and Average Speed dataset.  
trajectory_eda.ipynb: This script shows the exploratory data analysis of a part of trajectory dataset.  
  
Images generation scripts:  
geo_segment.ipynb: This script shows how to find the mapping relationship of coordinates between Gaode map and AutoCAD map using linear regression, and what's the boundary of the research area in AutoCAD file.  
trajectory_extract.py: This script can segment a piece of data within a certain time interval from the raw dataset. By using this segmentation method, the huge size raw dataset can be segmented into several small size pieces whose duration is 12 hours.  
trajectory_split.ipynb: This script can split the a segment generated by trajectory_extract.py into 64 much smaller pieces, and the duration will be reduced from 12 hours to 4 minutes.   
trajectory_generation.py: This script can plot trajectory images based on pieces of trajectory dataset generated from trajectory_split.ipynb. To reduce the buffer memory, only plot one image every time you execute the script is recommended.  
trajectory_generation.ipynb: This script is the ipynb version of trajectory_generation.py so that you can see the execute result of the script.  
roadmap_plot.py: This script can plot roadmap images based on network dataset and TTI & Average Speed dataset. To reduce the buffer memory, plot less than 30 images every time you execute the script is recommended.  
Image_fusion.ipynb: This script can fuse the geographical image, roadmap images and trajectory images stored from different folders. The output is a series of RGB 3 phases images.
historical_tti.ipynb: This script can generate the historical TTI values during the research time for 11 individual roads and one area.  
  
Deep learning scripts:  
LSTM_single.py: This script can use LSTM model to do TTI prediction based on historical TTI values.  
LSTM_multi.py: This script can use LSTM model to do TTI prediciton based on multiple input values.  
TTI_CNN.py: This script can use Resnet34 model to do TTI prediction based on images generated by image fusion framework.  
  
Conclusion scripts:  
model_comparision.ipynb: This script can compare the performance of different models and graphically show the results.  
